$Id$

How to use the editor:

The active node is in blue. If there is a line connecting the active node to the
previous node, that line is blue as well.

To make a new location:
	Enter location name in the text field, then left-click to place a node.
	A node and a location will be created at that point.

To delete a location:
	Select the node associated with that location, right-click to move the node.
	Or, to delete the node as well, just select the node and hit F1.

To rename a location:
	Select the node associated with that location, type in new location name,
	right click to move the node.

To create a bridge, tunnel, or other intersecting path that should NOT create
a node at the intersection:
	The "intersect" checkbox should be deselected for the nodes on either side
	of at least one intersecting path. THESE NODES MUST HAVE ASSOCIATED
	LOCATIONS. Don't ask... just give a bogus name and uncheck
	"display location."

Keys:
	Left-click:  Add a new node to the end of the current path (and select the
	             new node).
	Right-click: Reposition the currently selected node. If a location exists at
	             that point, it will be deleted (if the text field is empty), or
	             renamed (if the text field is filled before the click).
	Other-click: (This means middle-click, in practice.) Opens up a dialog box to select a location to connect to.
				 On clicking of a location name from the list, a new point is created
				 at that location.  
	
	F1: Remove active node/location.
	F2: Switch to previous path.
	F3: Switch to next path.
	F4: Switch to next node in current path.
	F5: Switch to previous node in current path.
	F6: Center on the currently selected node.  
	F7: Save point/location data to disk
	    (rawPathData.dat, rawLocationData.dat).
	    or
	    Save optimized data to disk
	F8: Read point/location data from disk
	    (rawPathData.dat, rawLocationData.dat).
	    or
	    Read optimized data (in a converted down format readable by the editor)
	F9: Print locations to file in human-readable format (locations.txt).
	F10: Manually change the coordinates of the current node.
	F11: Displays a dialog box displaying all location names (and allows
	     for editing of the names)
	F12: create new path.